The [[Ark’Thrun]] family is a more of a collective of multiple smaller families joined through marriage and partnerships. Starting with the original Ark’Thrun family of Dragonborns, Rimesaber Ark’Thrun was a brilliant inventor and served as the third regent. He invented and championed the Nexus Web, a collection of buildings around the gilded strip that create a protective magical barrier around the city using the magical energies coming from [[the depths]]. His fascination with the errant magical energy springing from the ground originally convinced the 5 to start [[Ryboure]] where the small settlement was. Currently the Ark’Thrun family is a collection of the original dragonborn bloodline, gnomish individuals and families marrying in, and a small number of tieflings whose origin seems to be mostly unknown but accepted in the eclectic family. Unknown to most, even in the other 4 families and within the Ark’Thrun, that Rimesaber made a bargain with some otherworldly entity in exchange for the inspiration and knowledge required to harness the energy into the Nexus Web. Specializing in magical and non-magical inventions, the Ark’Thrun family have spearheaded the technological advance throughout [[Ryboure]]’s history, especially in the last 20 years following their last regency seat. Third in line for [[the regency]] is Lilliana Ark’Thrun, a half-gnome dragonborn whose revolutionary work in the field of small/large scale infusions has brought her special notoriety. She seems to be more concerned with her work and the actual betterment of the city than politics or her eventual spot as regent.  

After [[Bronzefordge]] in [[The Regency]].